[Music]
okay I'm sorry sorry I was um I was
taking a nap just wouldn't you take naps
in that position oh god Monica tell me
you're waiting for a guy please tell me
when a guy from work I'm sitting a guy
from work ha
that cute waiter guy from your
restaurant the one that looks like a
non-threatening Ray Liotta you know just
give me a second I'll be out of your
hair I'm just gonna grab a jacket when I
get back I want every little detail
maybe that's him
okay I'm okay um it's just Joey Ross
well we were but Ross was talking so
loud on his phone and they threw us out
I had to talk loud because the movie was
loud
he's talking abundant oh my god did he
get in touch with Emily well no I'm not
yet he's calling everyone on her side of
the family hoping that someone will help
me get in touch with him but I don't
care if I said some other girl's name
you prissy old twit Ross way to suck up
to the family
I'm so glad you guys are all here my
office finally got wrinkle free fax
paper
so Chandler have you heard about
Monica's secret poisoning
uh yeah she yeah she might mention it
someone when are we gonna meet this new
secret waiter man uh-huh
he's really shy I don't think he's up to
meeting everyone yet yeah I don't think
he's up to meeting everyone yet okay I
want to meet this guy who's the best sex
she ever had really that's what you
heard you said that I might've said that
[Music]
why is that funny because I'm very happy
for him and you your lucky dog
look maybe I got carried away before but
there's something you got to know if I'm
the best it's only because you made me
the best keep talking there's nothing
before you call the other girls and ask
which wouldn't take long but when I'm
with you and we're together oh my god
oh my god now I understand if you never
want to sleep with me again
but that would be wrong we're too good
we owe it to sex well we owe it
what is Joey gonna be hall well I was
kind of hoping we could do this without
him
oh no no no no no leave the gloves on
but I just clean the bathroom yeah why
don't we lose the gloves all right let's
show them how it's done you know that
wasn't part of it I know
[Music]
never done that before yep